1. What is programming?
    Programming is giving a set of instructions to a computer to execute.
    It is process of telling computer which task to perform in order to solve a problem.

2. What is coding?
    Coding refers to writing instructions in a specific programming language.

3. What is scripting?
    Scripting is writing small programs, to automate repetitive tasks, to interact with other programs.

 4. What is difference between Programming vs. Coding vs. Scripting?
     Coding: Writing instruction to solve a specific problem. Part of big Program
     Scripting: Small programs, to automate repetitive tasks
     Programming: full process of creating a software; Designing, Coding, Testing..

5. What is testing?
     Process of ensuring the Application meets the requirement; solves the intended problem.

6. What is a test?
    It is an activity to check particular functionality is behaving as expected.

7. What is the difference between Testing and Test?
    Testing: Overall activity of evaluating the software
    Test: Specific instance or activity within the testing process; smaller unit of the larger testing process

8. What is the common attribute or layer between Programming and Testing?
    solving the same problem
    Programming is writing the solution to a problem/Developing an Application.
    Testing is ensuring the developed application solving the problem

9. Where do you feel/experience difficulty in programming?
    Can do smaller scripts
    Writing a bigger programs - Designing reusable; robustness; Scalable


10. Where do you feel/experience difficulty in testing?
     Repeating the same task over and over
     Understanding complexity of project; fearing of missing the gap



Write a program to add digits 1 to 4.
 1. Iterate from 1 to 4
 2. As I iterate store the sum to a variable.
 3. Add the digit to the sum
 4. As I store, I need to print the so far sum or value of a variable
 5. I need to stop after digit 4.
 6. Here, the input is fixed that is -- 1, 2 ,3 4.
 7. I assume, all are positive numbers


  for(i=1; i<=4; i++)
    int sumOfDigits;
    print sumOfDigits; //0; check do I see 0 or what?
    sumOfDigits = i + 1;

questions
    - is it a good practice to initialize sumOfDigits to 0 here?
    - when to print?
    - how to debug?
    - how do I know, I have found the solution?


Answers:
1. No, When variable is declared & Initialized inside the loop, it is re-initialized on each iteration.
2. Can print inside the loop, this helps in debugging. Once the program is correctly written, can print outside the loop
3. Print statement will help for debugging
4. We can run the code for multiple times for various known values.
